Readme update: Deploying Contracts: Proposal-Transactions Creation (#81)
gnosis/cow-token: README.md

yarn bench:code-size
```

### Deploying Contracts: Proposal-Transactions Creation

The contracts are deployed by the Gnosis DAO using the Zodiac module. 
In the following, it is show on to build the tx proposed to the Gnosis DAO with a script.

The deployment happens on two chains: Ethereum-Chain and Gnosis-Chain. 
At first, a deployment helper contract - called BridgedTokenDeployer - is deployed on Gnosis-Chain. 
This BridgedTokenDeployer contains the information to run the CowProtocolVirtualToken deployment on Gnosis-Chain. 
This contract will later be triggered from the Ethereum-Chain via the Omni-Bridge. 
The main part of the deployment is done on Ethereum-Chain. 
The GnosisDAO will initiate all necessary transactions to create the different safes, create the CowProtocolToken and CowProtocolVirtualToken. 
Furthermore, the GnosisDAO will bridge one CowProtocolToken to the Omni-Bridge in order to trigger the bridge to deploy the bridged CowProtocolToken also on Gnosis-Chain. 

> Last, but not least, the GnosisDao will deploy over the bridge also a new Community Safe on Gnosis Chain and trigger the CowProtocolVirtualToken deployment on the BridgedTokenDeployer over the Omni-Bridge.

Reviewer: In principle the "community safe" is just the DAO itself, right?

```suggestion
Last, but not least, the GnosisDao will bridge two transactions to Gnosis Chain over the Omni-Bridge: the deployment of the Cow DAO (at the same address as in mainnet) and the trigger transaction to the BridgedTokenDeployer that deploys the CowProtocolVirtualToken.
```

The deployment has the following inputs:

> - .env file for Ethereum-Chain. See [example](.env.sample)

Reviewer: I'd put this at the end, and mention that it should be sourced in the command line before executing the script.

- mainnet/claims.csv file with the airdrop information for mainnet. See [example](#example-csv-file-with-claims)
- .env file for gnosis chain. See [example](.env.sample)
- gnosischain/claims.csv file with the airdrop information for Gnosis-Chain
- setting.json describing the most important parameters. See [example](example/settings.json)

#### 1st step: Deployment on Gnosis-Chain
```
yarn build
source env/gnosischain/.env
npx hardhat deployment-bridged-token-deployer --settings ./settings.json --claims ./gnosischain/claims.csv --network gnosischain
```

The output files are in the `output/deployment-gc` folder, which include:
2. `addresses.json`, a list with on entry: the newly deployed BridgedTokenDeployer.
3. `claims.json`, a list of all the claims of all user. It contains all information needed by a user to perform a claim onchain. 
4. `chunks` and `mapping.json`, which contain a reorganized version of the same claims that are available in `claims.json`. This format is easier to handle by a web frontend. The format is very similar to the one used in the Uniswap airdrop.

Run the verifier to check that your deployment was successful:
```

> npx hardhat verify-contract-code --bridged-token-deployer  "<address from of addresses.json>" --network gnosischain  
> ```
> and copy <address from of addresses.json> into the settings.json for the entry `bridgedTokenDeployer` for the next step.

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
npx hardhat verify-contract-code --bridged-token-deployer  "<address from addresses.json>" --network gnosischain  
```
and copy <address from addresses.json> into the settings.json for the entry `bridgedTokenDeployer` for the next step.
``````
